d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\App_Data\XmlDocument.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.WebApi.dll.config
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.WebApi.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\XmlDocument.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Castle.Core.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.Handlers.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.Model.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.Repository.Abstractions.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.Repository.Dapper.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\NLog.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Shared.Membership.Service.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Dapper.dll
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.Handlers.pdb
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.Model.pdb
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.Repository.Abstractions.pdb
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\DataStore.Repository.Dapper.pdb
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Shared.Membership.Service.pdb
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Castle.Core.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\NLog.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Dapper.pdb
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\bin\Dapper.xml
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\obj\Debug.LK\DataStore.WebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Dropbox\CV\8\code Willis\DataStore\src\DataStore.WebApi\obj\Debug.LK\DataStore.WebApi.dll
